Explanation and interesting findings

Project 2 created a vignette on how to interact with various endpoints of APIs, pull down data from them, and conduct exploratory data analysis. The data that I used was from the Federal Emergency Management Agency. One interesting endpoint looked at Public Assistance Funding for various disaster and storm related projects for each state whose agency registered for the assistance. It was interesting to see that a large majority of the frequencies of public funding occurances were for Severe Storms and floods. There were to other endpoints that were connected ( one for Individual Housing Assistance funding and another for Emergency Manangement Preparedness), and I found it very interesting that the majority of the registered states were from the south, and that there were cases where funding was provided for educational purposes related to the emergencies. 

Process and Things to Change or stay the Same

This process was mutli tiered. First, there was a good amount of brainstorming that went into finding the type of API and the type of data that I wnated to analyze. Once I saw that FEMA had an API, I was interested in the story that the data told in relations to how states utilized their funding for disaster and homeowner related instances. I learned a great deal about modifying the urls for enpoints of API and the importance of understanding the proper structure of the URLS to be able to filter data from the endpoints. I also learned how to create the code that creates a pie chart. In the future, I thiink that I would get more pracitce uploading and rendering files in github. It was quite the learning curve and adjustment in terms of rendering things to github through the README.md process. Although,it was nice to see once I got the hang of the process. Finally, I think that being able to see different versions of my file in the upload process was nice, so the process of committing changes to github was somthing that I would probably do in the future down the line.
